# ApiV1Reference

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Unique id generated by the server. | [optional] 
**Kind** | Pointer to **string** | The kind of the referenced resource. | [optional] 
**Name** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the referenced resource. | [optional] 
**ScopeKind** | Pointer to **string** | The kind of the referenced resource scope. | [optional] 
**ScopeName** | Pointer to **string** | The name of the referenced resource scope. | [optional] 
**SelfLink** | Pointer to **string** | The URL representing the referenced resource. | [optional] 
**Type** | Pointer to **string** | Defines the type of the reference: * soft - spec property that has this reference will get nulled out if the referenced resource gets removed. * hard - dictates that the current resource will get removed when the referenced resource gets removed.  | [optional] [default to "hard"]

## Methods

### NewApiV1Reference

`func NewApiV1Reference() *ApiV1Reference`

NewApiV1Reference instantiates a new ApiV1Reference object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewApiV1ReferenceWithDefaults

`func NewApiV1ReferenceWithDefaults() *ApiV1Reference`

NewApiV1ReferenceWithDefaults instantiates a new ApiV1Reference object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetKind() string`

GetKind returns the Kind field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKindOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetKindOk() (*string, bool)`

GetKindOk returns a tuple with the Kind field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetKind(v string)`

SetKind sets Kind field to given value.

### HasKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasKind() bool`

HasKind returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetName() string`

GetName returns the Name field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetNameOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetNameOk returns a tuple with the Name field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetName(v string)`

SetName sets Name field to given value.

### HasName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasName() bool`

HasName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScopeKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetScopeKind() string`

GetScopeKind returns the ScopeKind field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScopeKindOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetScopeKindOk() (*string, bool)`

GetScopeKindOk returns a tuple with the ScopeKind field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScopeKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetScopeKind(v string)`

SetScopeKind sets ScopeKind field to given value.

### HasScopeKind

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasScopeKind() bool`

HasScopeKind returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetScopeName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetScopeName() string`

GetScopeName returns the ScopeName field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetScopeNameOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetScopeNameOk() (*string, bool)`

GetScopeNameOk returns a tuple with the ScopeName field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetScopeName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetScopeName(v string)`

SetScopeName sets ScopeName field to given value.

### HasScopeName

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasScopeName() bool`

HasScopeName returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSelfLink

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetSelfLink() string`

GetSelfLink returns the SelfLink field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSelfLinkOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetSelfLinkOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSelfLinkOk returns a tuple with the SelfLink field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSelfLink

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetSelfLink(v string)`

SetSelfLink sets SelfLink field to given value.

### HasSelfLink

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasSelfLink() bool`

HasSelfLink returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetType

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.

### HasType

`func (o *ApiV1Reference) HasType() bool`

HasType returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


