# ApiV1Acl

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Unique id generated by the server. | [optional] 
**SubjectType** | Pointer to **string** | Type of the subject. | [optional] [default to "team"]
**SubjectId** | Pointer to **string** | UUID of the subject. | [optional] 
**AclId** | Pointer to **string** | ID of the ACL Resource. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewApiV1Acl

`func NewApiV1Acl() *ApiV1Acl`

NewApiV1Acl instantiates a new ApiV1Acl object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewApiV1AclWithDefaults

`func NewApiV1AclWithDefaults() *ApiV1Acl`

NewApiV1AclWithDefaults instantiates a new ApiV1Acl object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubjectType

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetSubjectType() string`

GetSubjectType returns the SubjectType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubjectTypeOk

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetSubjectTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubjectTypeOk returns a tuple with the SubjectType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubjectType

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) SetSubjectType(v string)`

SetSubjectType sets SubjectType field to given value.

### HasSubjectType

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) HasSubjectType() bool`

HasSubjectType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSubjectId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetSubjectId() string`

GetSubjectId returns the SubjectId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSubjectIdOk

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetSubjectIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetSubjectIdOk returns a tuple with the SubjectId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSubjectId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) SetSubjectId(v string)`

SetSubjectId sets SubjectId field to given value.

### HasSubjectId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) HasSubjectId() bool`

HasSubjectId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAclId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetAclId() string`

GetAclId returns the AclId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAclIdOk

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) GetAclIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAclIdOk returns a tuple with the AclId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAclId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) SetAclId(v string)`

SetAclId sets AclId field to given value.

### HasAclId

`func (o *ApiV1Acl) HasAclId() bool`

HasAclId returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


